=pod

=encoding utf-8

=head1 NAME

HTTP::Tiny::SPDY - A subclass of HTTP::Tiny with SPDY support

=head1 VERSION

version 0.001

=head1 SYNOPSIS

    use HTTP::Tiny::SPDY;

    my $response = HTTP::Tiny::SPDY->new->get('https://example.com/');

    die "Failed!\n" unless $response->{success};

    print "$response->{status} $response->{reason}\n";

    while (my ($k, $v) = each %{$response->{headers}}) {
        for (ref $v eq 'ARRAY' ? @$v : $v) {
            print "$k: $_\n";
        }
    }

    print $response->{content} if length $response->{content};

=head1 DESCRIPTION

This is a subclass of L<HTTP::Tiny> with added support for the SPDY protocol. It
is intended to be fully compatible with HTTP::Tiny so that it can be used as a
drop-in replacement for it.

=head1 METHODS

=head2 new

    $http = HTTP::Tiny::SPDY->new( %attributes );

Constructor that returns a new HTTP::Tiny::SPDY object. It accepts the same
attributes as the constructor of HTTP::Tiny, and one additional attribute:

=over 4

=item *

C<enable_SPDY>

A boolean that indicates if a SPDY connection should be negotiated for HTTPS
requests (default is true)

=back

=head1 SEE ALSO

=over 4

=item *

L<HTTP::Tiny>

=item *

L<Net::SPDY>

=item *

L<SPDY Project Homepage|http://dev.chromium.org/spdy/>

=back

=head1 ACKNOWLEDGEMENTS

SPDY protocol support is provided by L<Net::SPDY>, written by Lubomir Rintel.

=for :stopwords cpan testmatrix url annocpan anno bugtracker rt cpants kwalitee diff irc mailto metadata placeholders metacpan

=head1 SUPPORT

=head2 Bugs / Feature Requests

Please report any bugs or feature requests through the issue tracker
at L<https://github.com/odyniec/p5-HTTP-Tiny-SPDY/issues>.
You will be notified automatically of any progress on your issue.

=head2 Source Code

This is open source software.  The code repository is available for
public review and contribution under the terms of the license.

L<https://github.com/odyniec/p5-HTTP-Tiny-SPDY>

  git clone https://github.com/odyniec/p5-HTTP-Tiny-SPDY.git

=head1 AUTHOR

Michal Wojciechowski <odyniec@cpan.org>

=head1 COPYRIGHT AND LICENSE

This software is copyright (c) 2013 by Michal Wojciechowski.

This is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify it under
the same terms as the Perl 5 programming language system itself.

